What is he really Mr. Yun Mo?
Didn't you just say Mr. Yunmo?
Pioneer Dogu, have you ever exchanged experiences with him?
I'm so sorry, Miss Song.
I'm just trying to make a name for myself
Did you lie?
You are really Mr. Yunmo
Ah.
It's me it's me
Tell me what's going on
It's not because of him
I think I was up in the mountains.
I often draw stipples for the village children at the foot of the mountain
Write some couplets
Would you like something to eat?
He stole paintings from the children
I got caught
You must take me as your teacher
I can't come up with a random name
Who knew I was so famous outside?
The legendary master Yun Mo who saw the tail of the dragon and couldn't see his hands
It's really you?
Hey.
I suddenly remembered that my clothes at home have not been collected yet.
Oh, master?
I'll go first
Ah that
I have something else to do
I'll go first.
I'll just say what you said, Mr. Yunmo
No one else can see it
Are you still beautiful?
Oops it hurts
I'm not finished with you, hey, hey.
Why didn't it work?
No, it's that bastard named Chu again
I didn't expect Qinghe to know him
The surname is Chu, what is his name?
Called Chu Feng, could it be that Wang Shao knows him?
More than just knowing
It's that guy who ruined my good deed
I didn't expect that the bad Wang Shao was also this guy
That being the case
Then there's no need for this waste to exist
This is the token of the underground emperor White Tiger
He owes me a favor
The birth of this token will definitely solve that waste